Welcome back to a special bonus section and the extra bits and we're going to talk about code analysis.
You see most of the time as developers you will be starting working on projects right from the very
beginning.
I mean it's very rare that you're there at the beginning setting up the original folder structures in
code and web pack.
Most of the time if you are working at a large company they usually already have a project that they've
been building and you are told.
All right.
Go grab the files.
Go grab the code and get started.
You have to start reviewing the code analyzing it and figuring out how everything works.
But just looking at the code and maybe some documentation made by your coworkers in this section we're
going to use the smart brain up an app that we built from scratch in my previous course the complete
web developer zero to mastery.
In this course we're going to be adding a ton of more features to it like we would in real life.
We're going to add multiple face detections we're going to create user profiles and the ability to save
and modify user profiles adding sessions for management adding dock containers for our development and
much much more but in order for us to do that we have to analyze the codebase and understand what is
going on.
In the next video I'm going to take you through my process when I first start working on a project that
has already been started before I've arrived and this is an important skill that is often overlooked.
Our senior developers we can walk through code logically and get caught up on how things work so that
we can start contributing right away to the project.
We can take a high level view and understand how each piece fits together and we're going to learn how
to do that in this section.
Then we're going to implement the new multiple face detection feature as Bruno requests it.
We're going to follow best practices for making pull request to contribute to projects and do a lot
of fun things.
So shall we get started.
Well before we do I just want to give you a heads up setting up a current project on your machine is
going to be frustrating.
You're going to have to set up your database server and client and I'm going to show you how to do this.
But because we all have different machines different laptops different operating system it's going to
be really really frustrating and there's going to be times where you have to google around or you might
have errors that you don't understand and I do this on purpose because this is so common in the industry.
But I'm going to show you how to set up this entire project and in the upcoming sections we're going
to use this example of how frustrating it was to set up everything the database the server the client
and then use docker and show you why daquiri is so amazing and why it solves this problem.
Because it makes this process super easy.
But before I do that and just dive you into docker you must understand the frustration so be forewarned.
I'm going to give resources during this section so that this project works on all operating systems
but use this as a way for you to practice something that you'd have to do when you start as a web developer
and you company.
Let's get started showing.
I'll see in the next one.